---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_grafana_integration Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create incidents from Grafana alerts. Automatically trigger Better Stack incidents when your Grafana alert rules fire, connecting your dashboard alerts to incident management. Learn more https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/grafana/ or see API docs https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/grafana-integrations-response-params/.
---

# betteruptime_grafana_integration (Resource)

Create incidents from Grafana alerts. Automatically trigger Better Stack incidents when your Grafana alert rules fire, connecting your dashboard alerts to incident management. [Learn more](https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/grafana/) or see [API docs](https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/grafana-integrations-response-params/).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `call` (Boolean) Whether to call when a new incident is created.
- `critical_alert` (Boolean) Whether to send a critical push notification that ignores the mute switch and Do not Disturb mode when a new incident is created.
- `email` (Boolean) Whether to send an email when a new incident is created.
- `name` (String) The name of the Grafana Integration.
- `paused` (Boolean) Is the Grafana integration paused.
- `policy_id` (Number) ID of the escalation policy associated with the Grafana integration.
- `push` (Boolean) Whether to send a push notification when a new incident is created.
- `recovery_period` (Number) How long the alert must be up to automatically mark an incident as resolved. In seconds.
- `sms` (Boolean) Whether to send an SMS when a new incident is created.
- `team_name` (String) Used to specify the team the resource should be created in when using global tokens.
- `team_wait` (Number) How long we wait before escalating the incident alert to the team. In seconds.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Grafana Integration.
- `webhook_url` (String) The webhook URL for the Grafana integration.


