---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/monitors/
---

# betteruptime_monitor (Resource)

https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/monitors/



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **monitor_type** (String) Valid values:

    `status` We will check your website for 2XX HTTP status code.

	`expected_status_code` We will check if your website returned one of the values in expected_status_codes.

    `keyword` We will check if your website contains the required_keyword.

    `keyword_absence` We will check if your website doesn't contain the required_keyword.

    `ping` We will ping your host specified in the url parameter.

    `tcp` We will test a TCP port at your host specified in the url parameter
(port is required).

    `udp` We will test a UDP port at your host specified in the url parameter
(port and required_keyword are required).

    `smtp` We will check for a SMTP server at the host specified in the url parameter
(port is required, and can be one of 25, 465, 587, or a combination of those ports separated by comma).

    `pop` We will check for a POP3 server at the host specified in the url parameter
(port is required, and can be 110, 995, or both).

    `imap` We will check for an IMAP server at the host specified in the url parameter
(port is required, and can be 143, 993, or both).

    `dns` We will check for an DNS server at the host specified in the url parameter
(request_body is required, and should contain the domain to query the DNS server with).

    `playwright` We will run the scenario defined by playwright_script, identified in the UI by scenario_name
- **url** (String) URL of your website or the host you want to ping (see monitor_type below).

### Optional

- **auth_password** (String, Sensitive) Basic HTTP authentication password to include with the request.
- **auth_username** (String, Sensitive) Basic HTTP authentication username to include with the request.
- **call** (Boolean) Should we call the on-call person?
- **check_frequency** (Number) How often should we check your website? In seconds.
- **confirmation_period** (Number) How long should we wait after observing a failure before we start a new incident? In seconds.
- **domain_expiration** (Number) How many days before the domain expires do you want to be alerted? Valid values are 1, 2, 3, 7, 14, 30, and 60.
- **email** (Boolean) Should we send an email to the on-call person?
- **expected_status_codes** (List of Number) Required if monitor_type is set to expected_status_code. We will create a new incident if the status code returned from the server is not in the list of expected status codes.
- **follow_redirects** (Boolean) Set to true for the monitor to follow redirects.
- **http_method** (String) HTTP Method used to make a request. Valid options: GET, HEAD, POST, PUT, PATCH
- **ip_version** (String) Valid values:

    `ipv4` Use IPv4 only,

    `ipv6` Use IPv6 only.
- **maintenance_days** (List of String) An array of maintenance days to set. If a maintenance window is overnight both affected days should be set. Allowed values are ["mon", "tue", "wed", "thu", "fri", "sat", "sun"] or any subset of these days.
- **maintenance_from** (String) Start of the maintenance window each day. We won't check your website during this window. Example: "01:00:00"
- **maintenance_timezone** (String) The timezone to use for the maintenance window each day. Defaults to UTC. The accepted values can be found in the Rails TimeZone documentation. https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/TimeZone.html
- **maintenance_to** (String) End of the maintenance window each day. Example: "03:00:00"
- **monitor_group_id** (Number) Set this attribute if you want to add this monitor to a monitor group.
- **paused** (Boolean) Set to true to pause monitoring - we won't notify you about downtime. Set to false to resume monitoring.
- **playwright_script** (String) For Playwright monitors, the JavaScript source code of the scenario.
- **policy_id** (String) Set the escalation policy for the monitor.
- **port** (String) Required if monitor_type is set to tcp, udp, smtp, pop, or imap. tcp and udp monitors accept any ports, while smtp, pop, and imap accept only the specified ports corresponding with their servers (e.g. "25,465,587" for smtp).
- **pronounceable_name** (String) Pronounceable name of the monitor. We will use this when we call you. Try to make it tongue-friendly, please?
- **push** (Boolean) Should we send a push notification to the on-call person?
- **recovery_period** (Number) How long the monitor must be up to automatically mark an incident as resolved after being down. In seconds.
- **regions** (List of String) An array of regions to set. Allowed values are ["us", "eu", "as", "au"] or any subset of these regions.
- **remember_cookies** (Boolean) Set to true to keep cookies when redirecting.
- **request_body** (String) Request body for POST, PUT, PATCH requests. Required if monitor_type is set to dns (domain to query the DNS server with).
- **request_headers** (List of Map of String) An array of request headers, consisting of name and value pairs
- **request_timeout** (Number) How long to wait before timing out the request? In seconds.
- **required_keyword** (String) Required if monitor_type is set to keyword  or udp. We will create a new incident if this keyword is missing on your page.
- **scenario_name** (String) For Playwright monitors, the scenario name identifying the monitor in the UI.
- **sms** (Boolean) Should we send an SMS to the on-call person?
- **ssl_expiration** (Number) How many days before the SSL certificate expires do you want to be alerted? Valid values are 1, 2, 3, 7, 14, 30, and 60.
- **team_name** (String) Used to specify the team the resource should be created in when using global tokens.
- **team_wait** (Number) How long to wait before escalating the incident alert to the team. Leave blank to disable escalating to the entire team. In seconds.
- **verify_ssl** (Boolean) Should we verify SSL certificate validity?

### Read-Only

- **created_at** (String) The time when this monitor was created.
- **id** (String) The ID of this Monitor.
- **last_checked_at** (String) When the website was last checked.
- **paused_at** (String) The time when this monitor was paused.
- **status** (String) The status of this website check.
- **updated_at** (String) The time when this monitor was updated.


