---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_outgoing_webhook Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/outgoing-webhook-integrations/
---

# betteruptime_outgoing_webhook (Resource)

https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/outgoing-webhook-integrations/



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `trigger_type` (String) The type of trigger for the webhook. Only settable during creation. Available values: `incident_change`, `on_call_change`, `monitor_change`.
- `url` (String) The URL to send webhooks to.

### Optional

- `custom_webhook_template_attributes` (Block List, Max: 1) Custom webhook template configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_webhook_template_attributes))
- `name` (String) The name of the outgoing webhook.
- `on_incident_acknowledged` (Boolean) Whether to trigger webhook when incident is acknowledged. Only when `trigger_type=incident_change`.
- `on_incident_resolved` (Boolean) Whether to trigger webhook when incident is resolved. Only when `trigger_type=incident_change`.
- `on_incident_started` (Boolean) Whether to trigger webhook when incident starts. Only when `trigger_type=incident_change`.
- `team_name` (String) Used to specify the team the resource should be created in when using global tokens.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the outgoing webhook.

<a id="nestedblock--custom_webhook_template_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_webhook_template_attributes`

Optional:

- `auth_password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for basic authentication.
- `auth_username` (String) The username to use for basic authentication.
- `body_template` (String) The body of the webhook request.
- `headers_template` (Block List) The headers to include in the webhook request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_webhook_template_attributes--headers_template))
- `http_method` (String) The HTTP method to use when sending the webhook. Possible values: `get`, `post`, `put`, `patch` and `head`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--custom_webhook_template_attributes--headers_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_webhook_template_attributes.headers_template`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


