---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_status_page Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  https://docs.betteruptime.com/api/status-pages-api
---

# betteruptime_status_page (Resource)

https://docs.betteruptime.com/api/status-pages-api



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **company_name** (String) Name of your company.
- **company_url** (String) URL of your company's website.
- **subdomain** (String) What subdomain should we use for your status page? This needs to be unique across our entire application, so choose carefully
- **timezone** (String) What timezone should we display your status page in? The accepted values can be found in the Rails TimeZone documentation. https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/TimeZone.html

### Optional

- **announcement** (String) Add an announcement to your status page.
- **announcement_embed_css** (String) Modify the design of the announcement embed.
- **announcement_embed_enabled** (Boolean) Display the embedded announcement
- **announcement_embed_link** (String) Point your embedded announcement to a specified URL.
- **announcement_embed_visible** (Boolean) Toggle this field if you want to show an announcement in your embed. You can embed the announcement using this snippet: `<script src="https://betteruptime.com/widgets/announcement.js" data-id="<SET STATUS_PAGE_ID>" async="async" type="text/javascript"></script>`
- **automatic_reports** (Boolean) Generate automatic reports when your services go down
- **contact_url** (String) URL that should be used for contacting you in case of an emergency.
- **custom_css** (String) Unleash your inner designer and tweak our status page design to fit your branding.
- **custom_domain** (String) Do you want a custom domain on your status page? Add a CNAME record that points your domain to status.betteruptime.com. Example: `CNAME status.walmine.com statuspage.betteruptime.com`
- **custom_javascript** (String) Add custom behavior to your status page. It is only allowed for status pages with a custom domain name.
- **design** (String) Choose between classic and modern status page design. Possible values: 'v1', 'v2'.
- **google_analytics_id** (String) Specify your own Google Analytics ID if you want to receive hits on your status page.
- **hide_from_search_engines** (Boolean) Hide your status page from search engines.
- **history** (Number) Number of days to display on the status page. Minimum 90 days.
- **layout** (String) Choose usual vertical layout or space-saving horizontal layout. Only applicable when design: v2. Possible values: 'vertical', 'horizontal'.
- **logo_url** (String) A direct link to your company's logo. The image should be under 20MB in size.
- **min_incident_length** (Number) If you don't want to display short incidents on your status page, this attribute is for you.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) Set a password of your status page (we won't store it as plaintext, promise). Required when password_enabled: true. We will set password_enabled: false automatically when you send us an empty password.
- **password_enabled** (Boolean) Do you want to enable password protection on your status page?
- **subscribable** (Boolean) Do you want to allow users to subscribe to your status page changes?
- **theme** (String) Choose theme of your status page. Only applicable when design: v2. Possible values: 'light', 'dark'.

### Read-Only

- **aggregate_state** (String) The overall status of this status page.
- **created_at** (String) The time when this status page was created.
- **id** (String) The ID of this Status Page.
- **updated_at** (String) The time when this status page was updated.


