---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_catalog_record Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/catalog-integrations-records/
---

# betteruptime_catalog_record (Resource)

https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/catalog-integrations-records/



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute` (Block List, Min: 1) List of attribute values for the Catalog record. You can have multiple blocks with same `attribute_id` for multiple values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attribute))
- `relation_id` (String) The ID of the Catalog relation this record belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this Catalog record.

<a id="nestedblock--attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute`

Required:

- `attribute_id` (String) ID of the target Catalog attribute.

Optional:

- `email` (String) Email of the referenced user when type is `User`.
- `item_id` (String) ID of the referenced item when type is different than `String`.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced item when type is different than `String`.
- `type` (String) Value types can be grouped into 2 main categories:
  - **Scalar**: `String`
  - **Reference**: `User`, `Team`, `Policy`, `Schedule`, `SlackIntegration`, `LinearIntegration`, `JiraIntegration`, `MicrosoftTeamsWebhook`, `ZapierWebhook`, `NativeWebhook`, `PagerDutyWebhook`
  
  The value of a **Scalar** type is defined using the value field.
  
  The value of a **Reference** type is defined using one of the following fields:
  - `item_id` - great choice when you know the ID of the target item.
  - `email` - your go-to choice when you're referencing users.
  - `name` - can be used to reference other items like teams, policies, etc.
  
  **The reference types require the presence of at least one of the three fields: `item_id`, `name`, `email`.**
- `value` (String) Value when type is String.

Read-Only:

- `attribute_name` (String) Name of the Catalog attribute.


