---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_heartbeat Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/heartbeats/
---

# betteruptime_heartbeat (Resource)

https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/heartbeats/



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **grace** (Number) Heartbeats can fluctuate; specify this value to control what is still acceptable. Minimum value: 0 seconds. We recommend setting this to approx. 20% of period
- **name** (String) A name of the service for this heartbeat.
- **period** (Number) How often should we expect this heartbeat? In seconds. Minimum value: 30 seconds

### Optional

- **call** (Boolean) Should we call the on-call person?
- **email** (Boolean) Should we send an email to the on-call person?
- **heartbeat_group_id** (Number) Set this attribute if you want to add this heartbeat to a heartbeat group..
- **maintenance_days** (List of String) An array of maintenance days to set. If a maintenance window is overnight both affected days should be set. Allowed values are ["mon", "tue", "wed", "thu", "fri", "sat", "sun"] or any subset of these days.
- **maintenance_from** (String) Start of the maintenance window each day. We won't create incidents during this window. Example: "01:00:00"
- **maintenance_timezone** (String) The timezone to use for the maintenance window each day. Defaults to UTC. The accepted values can be found in the Rails TimeZone documentation. https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/TimeZone.html
- **maintenance_to** (String) End of the maintenance window each day. Example: "03:00:00"
- **paused** (Boolean) Set to true to pause monitoring — we won't notify you about downtime. Set to false to resume monitoring.
- **policy_id** (String) Set the escalation policy for the heartbeat.
- **push** (Boolean) Should we send a push notification to the on-call person?
- **sms** (Boolean) Should we send an SMS to the on-call person?
- **sort_index** (Number) An index controlling the position of a heartbeat in the heartbeat group.
- **team_wait** (Number) How long to wait before escalating the incident alert to the team. Leave blank to disable escalating to the entire team.

### Read-Only

- **created_at** (String) The time when this heartbeat was created.
- **id** (String) The ID of this heartbeat.
- **paused_at** (String) The time when this heartbeat was paused.
- **status** (String) The status of this heartbeat.
- **updated_at** (String) The time when this heartbeat was updated.
- **url** (String) The url of this heartbeat.


