---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_datadog_integration Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create incidents from Datadog monitors. Automatically trigger Better Stack incidents when your Datadog monitors alert, bridging your observability stack for unified incident management. Learn more https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/datadog/ or see API docs https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/datadog-integrations-response-params/.
---

# betteruptime_datadog_integration (Resource)

Create incidents from Datadog monitors. Automatically trigger Better Stack incidents when your Datadog monitors alert, bridging your observability stack for unified incident management. [Learn more](https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/datadog/) or see [API docs](https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/datadog-integrations-response-params/).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `alerting_rule` (String) Should we alert only on alarms, or on both alarms and warnings. Possible values: alert, alert_and_warn.
- `call` (Boolean) Whether to call when a new incident is created.
- `critical_alert` (Boolean) Whether to send a critical push notification that ignores the mute switch and Do not Disturb mode when a new incident is created.
- `email` (Boolean) Whether to send an email when a new incident is created.
- `name` (String) The name of the Datadog Integration.
- `paused` (Boolean) Is the Datadog integration paused.
- `policy_id` (Number) ID of the escalation policy associated with the Datadog integration.
- `push` (Boolean) Whether to send a push notification when a new incident is created.
- `recovery_period` (Number) How long the alert must be up to automatically mark an incident as resolved. In seconds.
- `sms` (Boolean) Whether to send an SMS when a new incident is created.
- `team_name` (String) Used to specify the team the resource should be created in when using global tokens.
- `team_wait` (Number) How long we wait before escalating the incident alert to the team. In seconds.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Datadog Integration.
- `webhook_url` (String) The webhook URL for the Datadog integration.


