---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_new_relic_integration Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/new-relic-integrations/
---

# betteruptime_new_relic_integration (Resource)

https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/new-relic-integrations/

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Better Stack receives alerts from New Relic through a generated webhook URL.
resource "betteruptime_new_relic_integration" "this" {
  name           = "Terraform New Relic Integration"
  call           = false
  sms            = false
  email          = true
  push           = true
  critical_alert = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `alerting_rule` (String) Should we alert only on alarms, or on both alarms and warnings. Possible values: alert, alert_and_warn.
- `call` (Boolean) Whether to call when a new incident is created.
- `critical_alert` (Boolean) Whether to send a critical push notification that ignores the mute switch and Do not Disturb mode when a new incident is created.
- `email` (Boolean) Whether to send an email when a new incident is created.
- `name` (String) The name of the AWS CloudWatch Integration.
- `paused` (Boolean) Is the AWS CloudWatch integration paused.
- `policy_id` (Number) ID of the escalation policy associated with the AWS CloudWatch integration.
- `push` (Boolean) Whether to send a push notification when a new incident is created.
- `recovery_period` (Number) How long the alert must be up to automatically mark an incident as resolved. In seconds.
- `sms` (Boolean) Whether to send an SMS when a new incident is created.
- `team_name` (String) Used to specify the team the resource should be created in when using global tokens. You can't update this value later.
- `team_wait` (Number) How long we wait before escalating the incident alert to the team. In seconds.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the AWS CloudWatch Integration.
- `webhook_url` (String) The webhook URL for the AWS CloudWatch integration.


