---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "betteruptime_status_page_resource Resource - terraform-provider-better-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/status-page-resources/
---

# betteruptime_status_page_resource (Resource)

https://betterstack.com/docs/uptime/api/status-page-resources/



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `public_name` (String) The resource name displayed publicly on your status page.
- `resource_id` (Number) The ID of the resource you are adding.
- `resource_type` (String) The type of the resource you are adding. Available values: Monitor, MonitorGroup, Heartbeat, HeartbeatGroup, WebhookIntegration, EmailIntegration, IncomingWebhook, ResourceGroup, LogsChart, CatalogReference.
- `status_page_id` (String) The ID of the Status Page.

### Optional

- `explanation` (String) A detailed text displayed as a help icon.
- `history` (Boolean, Deprecated) Do you want to display detailed historical status for this item? This field is deprecated, use widget_type instead.
- `position` (Number) The position of this resource on your status page, indexed from zero. If you don't specify a position, we add the resource to the end of the status page. When you specify a position of an existing resource, we add the resource to this position and shift resources below to accommodate.
- `status_page_section_id` (Number) The ID of the Status Page Section. If you don't specify a status_page_section_id, we add the resource to the first section. If there are no sections in the status page yet, one will be automatically created for you.
- `widget_type` (String) What widget to display for this resource. Expects one of three values: plain - only display status, history - display detailed historical status, response_times - add a response times chart (only for Monitor resource type). This takes preference over history when both parameters are present.

### Read-Only

- `availability` (Number) The availability of this resource (from 0.0 to 1.0).
- `id` (String) The ID of this Status Page Resource.
- `status` (String) The current status of the resource. Can be one of `not_monitored` (when the underlying monitor is paused), `operational`, `maintenance`, `degraded`, or `downtime`
- `status_history` (List of Object) History of a single status page resource history (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status_history))

<a id="nestedatt--status_history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status_history`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String)
- `downtime_duration` (Number)
- `maintenance_duration` (Number)
- `status` (String)


